Never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake.
Courage isn't having the strength to go on - it is going on when you don't have strength.
In politics, stupidity is not a handicap.
Religion is excellent stuff for keeping common people quiet. Religion is what keeps the poor from murdering the rich.
Show me a family of readers, and I will show you the people who move the world.
History is a set of lies agreed upon.
Imagination governs the world.
If you want a thing done well, do it yourself.
Nothing is more difficult, and therefore more precious, than to be able to decide.
History is written by the winners.
Take time to deliberate, but when the time for action comes, stop thinking and go in.
Impossible is a word to be found only in the dictionary of fools.
If I had to choose a religion, the sun as the universal giver of life would be my god.
A leader is a dealer in hope.
This soldier, I realized, must have had friends at home and in his regiment; yet he lay there deserted by all except his dog. I looked on, unmoved, at battles which decided the future of nations. Tearless, I had given orders which brought death to thousands. Yet here I was stirred, profoundly stirred, stirred to tears. And by what? By the grief of one dog.’ Napoleon Bonaparte, on finding a dog beside the body of his dead master, licking his face and howling, on a moonlit field after a battle. Napoleon was haunted by this scene until his own death.
The only victories which leave no regret are those which are gained over ignorance.
The best way to keep one's word is not to give it.
You don't reason with intellectuals. You shoot them.
Men are Moved by two levers only: fear and self interest.
There are but two powers in the world, the sword and the mind. In the long run the sword is always beaten by the mind
The world suffers a lot. Not because the violence of bad people. But because of the silence of the good people.
China is a sleeping giant; let him sleep, for if he wakes, he will shake the World.
The reason most people fail instead of succeed is they trade what they want most for what they want at the moment.
A picture is worth a thousand words.
Ten people who speak make more noise than ten thousand who are silent.
It is the cause, not the death, that makes the martyr.
Men are more easily governed through their vices than through their virtues.
Circumstances-what are circumstances? I make circumstances
As for me, to love you alone, to make you happy, to do nothing which would contradict your wishes, this is my destiny and the meaning of my life.
When a government is dependent upon bankers for money, they and not the leaders of the government control the situation, since the hand that gives is above the hand that takes. Money has no motherland; financiers are without patriotism and without decency; their sole object is gain.
Throw off your worries when you throw off your clothes at night.
Ability is of little account without opportunity.
Throw off your worries when you throw off your clothes at night
Music is what tell us that the human race is greater than we realize.
Victory belongs to the most persevering.
Four hostile newspapers are more to be feared than a thousand bayonets..
Never tell your enemy he is doing the wrong thing.
History is the version of past events that people have decided to agree upon.
The hand that gives is among the hand that takes. Money has no fatherland, financiers are without patriotism and without decency, their sole object is gain.
The surest way to remain poor is to be honest.
Great men are meteors designed to burn so that earth may be lighted.
Religion is what keeps the poor from murdering the rich.
A true man hates no one.
To understand the man you have to know what was happening in the world when he was twenty.
Glory is fleeting, but obscurity is forever.
The best cure for the body is a quiet mind.
The greatest danger occurs at the moment of victory.
If we could read the past histories of all our enemies we would disregard all hostility for them.
It's the unconquerable soul of man, and not the nature of the weapon he uses, that ensures victory.
The only victory over love is flight.
In our time no one has the conception of what is great. It is up to me to show them.
Great ambition is the passion of a great character. Those endowed with it may perform very good or bad acts. All depends on the principles which direct them.
The extent of your consciousness is limited only by your ability to love and to embrace with your love the space around you, and all it contains.
It requires more courage to suffer than to die.
I am surrounded by priests who repeat incessantly that their kingdom is not of this world, and yet they lay hands on everything they can get.
If you wish to be a success in the world, promise everything, deliver nothing.
The battlefield is a scene of constant chaos. The winner will be the one who controls that chaos, both his own and the enemies.
All great events hang by a single thread. The clever man takes advantage of everything, neglects nothing that may give him some added opportunity; the less clever man, by neglecting one thing, sometimes misses everything.
Success is the most convincing talker in the world.
Impossible is the word found only in a fool's dictionary. Wise people create opportunities for themselves and make everything possible…
A revolution is an idea, taken up by bayonets.
An army marches on its stomach.
Courage cannot be counterfeited. It is one virtue that escapes hypocrisy.
Nothing is lost as long as courage remains.
What is the government? Nothing, unless supported by opinion.
To write history one must be more than a man, since the author who holds the pen of this great justiciary must be free from all preoccupation of interest or vanity.